I'm telling you, that's what's going to be an acceleration of things.
There's an acceleration of things—of people who have just been 110 and you're about to be 220.
It's time to get excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ as we see the signs of the times unfold all around us.
I've been stirred up about it in the last 24 hours because, like I said, I was helping pray through some things.
My assignment window—the Lord gives me things—is a lot about praying over Trump, and the things I see are very dark.
And so the Lord has me—He said, 'I've called you to say the hard things'—and He gives me a lot of hard words.
But when you go on an assignment to help somebody who's been praying over the glory and things concerning certain ministries, I get to dip in their river a little bit and the Lord says, 'This is what's going to happen.
I want to show you.'And He'll help me because I always say, 'I got your six.'You know, I'm your backup; I've been trained to be a backup for so long.
I've known how to be an armor-bearer for so long because I did it for our pastor for years, being an armor-bearer at the church. And so you pray and pray and pray that way.
I'm so used to going along that river that it's easy for me to go along and help be an armor-bearer because I was that way for that member of that huge church in Oklahoma City.
It's wonderful what God is about to do in Minnesota. I am so excited for the people of Minnesota.
If you live in Minnesota, oh my goodness, the Spirit of the Lord is going to visit Minnesota, and it will be like a wave of glory.
I'm not just saying that it will just be on Minnesota, but I'm telling you, Minnesota, you're about to have a visitation from the Lord.
I'm excited for you. I'm excited for the people of America, but just praying for certain ministries and so excited what God is doing.
Let me go ahead—I've already started. I didn't realize I hadn't said good evening to you all.
I just jumped right in. Good evening, everybody. Thank you for joining us again today. Let's go ahead and get started.
I was looking over Matthew 6 and whenever the Lord—His prayer—whenever He said, 'How do you pray?'—how Jesus was talking to the disciples and praying 'therefore like this'—I started thinking about when Jesus said, 'Pray this way: lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.'And just meditating on it, going over it, I would encourage you to go over that.
Just meditate on it. I try not to get into the big words in the King James; I don't understand it that well.
So I try to really break it down and put, 'How do I apply this to Brandon?
How does this apply to my wife and my kids?'I don't want the thees and the thous.
What about me? I'm more country, you know? So how would I say that if I was talking to Bubba and them? If I was talking to Bubba and them, how would they say it?
To me, being more of a redneck backwoods Oklahoma, it's more how Bubba and them say it versus the thees and thous.
I don't like 'thee'and 'thou.'I want to know about the people on the river. I was just stirred up and I could see the glory.
I could see the glory of what we've all been believing for and the outpouring of what we've all been waiting for.
As I talked to Donne Clement yesterday, I had a wonderful conversation with her.
I just love the Kim Clement family. I'm telling you, Kim Clement's people are genuine.
They're real. They're not flaky. And when you talk to people that are real...
there's so much as I've come into ministry over the last three or four years now.
There are so many people that put on a religious front that's fake and you can talk to them and you know they try to make you think their poo smells good and everything's good about them—roses around them—and you just know they're not being real.
And the Lord always reveals to me when they're lying to you. It's amazing that the higher I go with Him, the more I have words of knowledge and discernment of what's coming.
I can hear what they're saying, but He says, 'They're lying.
They're lying. They're not telling you the truth right now.
This is fake.'What they're saying about their health, what they say about a lot of things...
He said, 'That's not true. Pray for this. This is how you're going to steer this for them.
You're going to help them out.'You want to help people, and I realize if the Lord tells me to call you, it's by assignment.
I don't just call people flippantly. Trust me, I don't even call my family. I call if the Lord tells me to call.
Usually, it's people calling me and I just go, 'Hey, what's up?'But to me, if I call you, it's because the Lord told me to.
So I'm listening. Why did You tell me to call this individual? What's going on with him?
What I'm telling you is the Kim Clement family is some of the most amazing people.
And the assignment of what I see concerning even them... God is going to do some amazing things with Donne in the days ahead.
I am so excited for her. I'm so excited for their family for what God is about to do.
You have not seen anything yet concerning that family and what God is about to do with that family.
Maybe I say too much because she could tell you herself maybe one day what God's doing with her.
But I'm telling you, God is about to do something huge with Kim Clement's daughter.
I told you He's bringing in His generals. He's bringing in the end-time army.
And if you will accept the call, if you will just yield to what He's called you to do and say, 'Yes, here am I, Lord.'When I talked about the angel taking the coal off the altar and putting the coal of fire on the lips, and he said, 'I'm a man of unclean lips,'if you would just yield to what God has called you to do...
I don't care if you're a farmer like Charles Capps was. Charles Capps was a farmer all the way up until I think he went home.
He plowed fields and planted wheat and did everything, and then preached on the side and did ministry.
But he had a combine and he had a big tractor and he was out in the fields.
I don't care if you're a cattle farmer. I don't care if you raise dogs. I don't care if you are an eBay person like my wife.
If you will just say, 'Yes, Lord, here am I.'If you're a police officer, if you're a firefighter, I don't care who you are or what your profession is.
God is saying it's an all-hands-on-deck experience and He's wanting to bring forth His church to come up, His bride to come before His side.
And the greatest manifestations of the glory we're about to see through people that are just blue-collar workers and white-collar workers.
It doesn't matter who you are. God is going to pour out His Spirit upon all flesh.
And you're about to see something that you're going to go, 'shock and awe'time.
I'm just telling you when I'm praying into it, I try to encourage you.
I was a janitor for 17 years. Worked for a big ministry in Fort Worth.
Worked for a church for a long time cleaning their houses, cleaning their planes, cleaning things, and just staying faithful to what God told me to do.
And he said, "I want you to go on YouTube."I thought, "What in the world?"I resisted this for over a year.
He told me during COVID, at the beginning of it, "I want you to go on YouTube."I said, "No, I don't want to go on YouTube."I was sitting at a Homeland grocery store.
Now it's a Sack 'n Save or something in Guthrie, Oklahoma. I sat there in that parking lot and I was looking at the Baptist church.
I'll never forget; I was watching the Baptist church there, and there's a funeral home across the street.
I sat out there and I was just praying for the city because there's so much witchcraft in Guthrie because of that Masonic Temple.
I was sitting there and just interceding, and the Lord told me, "I've called you to healing ministry. I've called you to do things for me.
Are you going to say yes to me?"He said, "If you don't say yes to me, Brandon, it's opening doors for disobedience and you're going to come home early."There will be people that don't want to hear that, but I saw my life being cut short through some things.
And the Lord said, "You'll go home early."I sat there and he said, "Will you yield to what I've called you to do?
There's a hedge of protection when you're in obedience."When you're in disobedience to what God has called you to do, there are doors that open.
And the enemy will oblige the doors and he'll go, "I'm going to kill."He's a kill, steal, and destroy devil. He's looking for an inroad to kill, steal, and destroy.
But if you're underneath that covering and that shelter of the secret place in that secret place, there's no weapon formed against you that will prosper.
But that's in obedience. Staying obedient to what God has assigned you to do.
There's a covering in obedience. You need to know that there is a covering in obedience.
The blood covers, but a curse without a cause cannot stand. Most people don't understand that.
People go, "Are you concerned about witches and warlocks and everybody trying to curse you?"No, not even a little bit.
I believe in the power of the covenant. I believe in what he said he'd do for me—that as he is, so are we in this world.
And that comes out of staying in the place of protection. Where is your place of protection? Staying in obedience.
When he said, "I want you to go to the little church in Colville,"well, I get offered to go to a big church in Miami.
I can go anywhere I want to go and have a platform if I wanted to in the natural because of how big what God has done here.
But he said, "I want you to stay at the covering here right now."Well, I think it'd be a good idea to go over here.
He didn't say do that. There's a place of protection and obedience.
No matter what you think in your mind, you follow the voice. For those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
So when you're led by the Spirit of God, it doesn't have to make sense.
Just say, "Okay."I'm trying to tell you that there is a place of protection and obedience.
You've got to stay obedient to what God has called you to do. You know how long I wanted to quit that job at the church cleaning toilets?
Even when Diana was doing full-time eBay and doing things, I thought, "I'm ready to get out of here."And we kept building the business, and she finally—the Lord told me she was to quit full-time.
I got laid off. She was still doing little things here and there and the Lord said, "Now is the time I want you to step out by faith."I was so freaked out because we didn't have benefits.
I'm telling you, I was scared because I thought, "We need medical.
Oh my goodness, we need medical,"because the church had medical and I was able to be underneath our plan at that time.
I was so freaked out. I said, "Oh, no. We don't have medical."In your mind, you always have so much thinking that is so small and it's poverty.
Then I started thinking, "Well, my kids need medical."We know all this stuff. What are we going to do?
But what I'm trying to tell you is when you step out in faith and do what God's called you to do, the provision is there.
Being in the place called 'there,'when the Riverbrook dries up, like I told you a couple of broadcasts ago, when the Riverbrook dries up, God will always take you to the place of your next provision.
God is not a God of lack; he's a God of more than enough. And he will always provide for his kids.
I believe that just like the Bible said: I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
So wherever your place of 'there'is, wherever he's called you to be, there will always be a supply.
It may not be the abundance that you want at that time, but it will get you through.
I remember there were times when we didn't have a lot, and my grandma would call—and she didn't know we didn't have food that night—and she'd say, "I have a pizza over here for you kids.
I felt led to order you a pizza from Domino's."You would have thought we won the lottery.
I'm telling you, I was so excited about that pizza. Ten dollars, man, but it was a lot.
It got us through two days. We were so excited because we'd eat half of the pizza and have the other half later. It was a medium. Back then, oh man, that's a huge deal.
I remember when you give God praise for the small things—when you find five dollars on the ground, or when you find twenty dollars in the parking lot and it gives you enough money to buy a pair of shoes at Walmart for your kids on sale—you're going, "God, you provided."When you are thankful for the little things, it may not always be what you think it should be, but God will always get you through it.
I believe with all my heart—but I don't know where I'm going with that. What was I saying? Why did I say that? Help me, Holy Ghost.
There's a reason why I'm trying to tell you: staying in the place of provision in obedience.
Staying in obedience brings a covering. The covering is financial; the covering is protection.
I was sitting in that parking lot and the Lord said, "Are you going to obey me?"I said, "I cannot do that, Lord, because Megan is overcoming and she's still in diapers and she is having a hard time and she has all these issues, and you call me to the healing ministry?
How can I go and lay hands on people and pray for them when I have a child with special needs at home?"I wrestled with that for one whole year plus.
I sat there and he kept telling me, "I want you to do this."He said, "Brandon, I don't need Megan to validate my word.
My word validates itself. Megan's healing does not validate my word. My word is a pillar by itself.
When I said, 'By my stripes, you are healed,'I don't need Megan to be healed to validate that scripture.
My word stands alone. It's a pillar. Be obedient to what I've asked you to do."That was like swallowing sandburs.
I didn't want to do it. But I could see as I was in obedience, things started to fall...
but in disobedience, things started to fall apart. It opened doors and you could start seeing the cankerworm coming in.
When the cankerworm comes in, you're going, "Why are things getting eaten?"Because the Bible says those that are willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
When you're willing and obedient, you'll eat the good of the land.
But when you're not willing and you're not obedient to what He's asked you to do, you won't eat the good of the land.
So you start seeing your tires pop. You start seeing air conditioners sometimes break because you're out of the will of God for your life.
Where I'm going is that I see a wave of the glory on people, but God wants you just to say, "Yes, follow the voice of God.
Be led by His Spirit in these last days,"and say, "Yes, here am I, Lord.
Use me."There's a covering of His grace in being obedient. So there you go for that. All right. Next.
Now, when I was with you last broadcast, I saw a new attack against President Trump's life. And I saw a black mamba snake, a brown snake.
I could see just a little bit of this poison would cause a major stroke—it looked like a stroke—or a major heart attack.
And I could see a scratch like a cat scratch. It was as small as a cat scratch, but it was potent, like concentrated venom. It was a subtle scratch.
It wasn't something like a knife cut where you'd go, "Oh, yeah."Because I'm ignorant about venom, I'm praying over his food and everything because I see in part.
So I'm praying over food poisoning and doing all these things; I'm still covering it.
But I saw the man on the roof being told to abort the mission. And I saw the man on the roof get off the roof.
But I saw another plan concerning his health, to pray over his heart specifically. I saw attacks coming against his heart.
Again, I don't know if this is a subtle progression or whatever, but I saw poison from a black mamba snake.
It was a very detailed and, I believe, accurate vision, very clear.
And I'm telling you, I know when I've hit a landmine when the enemy comes in and tries to attack my thoughts afterwards.
I told Braden, "Isn't it amazing when I get fresh revelation like that and I'm seeing it, how much the enemy tries to create static and come against me?"I have to get in the Word and get underneath that glory because when the anointing lifts off, that cloak lifts off of me.
He's waiting, boy; He hates it. But I have to keep underneath that glory.
And when that glory comes on me and I can feel it come on like a cloak, I can see. I can't do this without Him.
When the anointing comes on, it's like—I always tell my wife—it's like putting on a cloak like Little Red Riding Hood.
I can feel it come on me. And when it's not there, it isn't there.
You might as well be singing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."But when the glory comes on, I can feel it.
And that's where I know; when it lifts off, I get tired. It makes your flesh tired.
But I want to tell you this: God is about to do something huge with this.
I try to be encouraging, but I'm going to tell you, I saw an attempted poisoning.
Then I saw Erika on the stage again, and people ask, "Why do you pray for Erika?"Because God said to.
This channel is not mine; I do exactly what He calls me to. Why would you not pray for her?
Why would you not pray for this young girl? Why would you not pray for her kids? You don't know these people.
When you sit there and tell me all the time, "I believe she murdered her husband,"that's a very harsh thing to say about somebody that you don't know, or you really truly don't know, other than Candace Owens telling you that she did.
So don't go down these conspiracies. I said Candace Owens was sitting behind a computer with a rabbit beside her, and she was following the rabbit hole.
But in doing so, her mind became trapped and she went into a straitjacket.
I saw a van trying to take her out with conspiracy theories, and I said, "Pray for Candace Owens.
I've told you specific things concerning these people."What we are praying about for Erika is that she does not become a Marilyn Monroe in the days ahead.
The Lord said, "Pray for her, pray for her, pray for her."Then I saw another man rising up beside her to try to marry her.
That was not right; he was trying to use her for her political position of authority. He was a man that was just after her notoriety.
There's things that I see, but this is—it's the same thing I pray for my pastor, and it's public and weird because there's so many of you watching, millions, and it's like it's private.
But I know that with many hands, we can make light work. The same thing as I say: pray for me, pray for Joel Osteen, pray for Brandon Biggs, and pray for whoever.
Pray for these people. Pray for the leaders and the people who have huge positions because they have a lot of opportunity to hurt people.
The bigger the platform, the bigger the opportunity to hurt a lot of sheep.
Are any of us perfect? No. We all have sinned and come short. But we all have the ability to do something great for Jesus.
But a lot of us just need more prayer because of the assignment, and the target is bigger on our backs. So I pray for Erika Kirk.
I pray for her if she gets married again; I pray for her that she keeps right because I saw God wanted to use her for a huge youth revival.
So I don't go around listening to crazy people on the internet, regardless of whether there's some truth to it or not.
I just stay in my lane. I just listen to what I said about Tucker Carlson. How many times did I prophesy about Tucker Carlson?
And I said, "He's standing in the background."And I said, "John the Baptist will be Alex Jones in the days ahead."God wants to use Alex Jones.
But I said Tucker Carlson's heart goes from gray to black concerning the Jews and the church, and he will speak out against the church.
And he will persecute the church like you wouldn't believe in the days ahead.
The Lord said there will be a life-threatening incident involving a crossbow in a parking lot, and they will miss.
But in doing so, he'll have a radical visitation, and his life will be spared, and he will become greatly shaken by this incident.
And the Lord said, "I will spare his life and he will become even louder, and he'll be a man that speaks in the wilderness to the masses that Jesus Christ is coming."And I saw his life being spared.
Alex Jones—in the days ahead, they will try to take him out. There's things that I see, and the Lord said, "I will use him."But I saw Tucker Carlson's heart becoming very hard toward the church and it becomes black.
I pray for Erika and Candace because the Lord said I had much for her to do.
I even have a diagram of it. My son it—see the rabbit hole beside her? I said Tucker Carlson's in the background.
John the Baptist is standing there and I said, "Watch what happens, for she will follow the rabbit hole."The conspiracy will not be a conspiracy because of what happens concerning her life.
And I saw a man in a white van, a 1970s or 80s style van, run her off a road, and the Lord said, "Pray for her."I saw an attempt against her life by a man in a white van.
But people get really crazy about stuff you're listening to on the internet.
I want to encourage Sister Clipboard and some of you to turn off your computer.
Stop death spiraling on your phone all night long; turn off your phone and read your Bible for the time you spent looking at your phone at all the social media baloney.
Turn off your phone, Sister Clipboard. Don't be a keyboard warrior trying to figure everybody else out.
What is someone saying? What does God say? Follow what the Holy Ghost is saying.
Quit with all the nonsense. There are so many people drinking the Kool-Aid. I don't drink the Kool-Aid.
I said what they're going to try to do is use this in the days ahead to cause a great distraction.
There's going to be a distraction over here to pull your attention over here. I said you will see a shot heard around the world.
It will be known as the shot heard around the world concerning a man on a platform, and he will be fatally shot, and it will be a shot heard around the world.
I said it this time last year. Do you remember that word? Everybody's like, 'That's Charlie Kirk.'When you see in part here, in part, all I see is a bullet taking somebody out.
And the Lord said it will be a shock. And I said his passing will cause a great outcry and a revival will break forth out of this.
And I saw people coming to Jesus. It happened. So we can pray for her and her protection.
I saw a black mamba snake. Then I saw a broom in New Orleans. And I saw a woman dressed in glitter paint and she had red and white on.
She was a black woman and she was walking down the road and they were celebrating 250 years.
I saw a room that was dark and I could see out through the blinds of this room and it was in the French Quarter. It was the French Quarter.
But I saw a device that was coiled like a copper coil that had thin thread copper and it was wrapped around like a coil and it had an induction switch.
It was remote and it was going tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick and I could see a blue tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick as it popped.
I could see the coil went down all the way down like this. But at the bottom of this was a device.
And when I heard it go, a pilot light went on and the thing exploded and blew half the building off.
It looked like it was an accident. It wasn't. It was by design.
And all those bystanders below were fatally wounded. They were done. It was a catastrophic event.
I could see, and I've never made this public, I saw a sniper in a place that was very hidden.
And as fireworks and noise was going off, people couldn't see where the sniper was shooting from.
And I could see he was pointing from across the river and they were not watching because they were drunk and they were celebrating, but it sounded like fireworks and they weren't listening and they weren't paying attention.
As I watched this individual, he got away because they didn't know where, because he was good at what he did.
He was trained. I said, 'Watch beignets. Watch the man on the horse.
Watch the river.'This is the place that the Lord told me to pray about where they're eating beignets, the little powdered donuts.
And so, then the Lord showed me President Trump scrambling.
And he said, 'Pray for his protection.'I saw planned attacks.
And the Lord specifically said, 'Pray for Chicago, for the two towers.
I saw a van again.'And the Lord said, 'Remember Timothy McVeigh?'I saw again planned attacks against certain places to cause mass casualties.
I saw the 911 system being plagued—with the SIM cards again—trying to overload 911 so that you could not call in and ask for emergency help.
Was that all that I saw about America? Then we went to Europe.
Correct. I believe so. Because I don't want to keep going down this.
I don't like this road; it's dark. You can go to Europe and then you saw Cuba and you saw the badger.
Say 'the badger.'I saw the fox again looking towards New Orleans.
He was the one that I told you was smuggling evidence out of Cuba.
For they know that they're about to be infiltrated by Rubio. I saw Rubio.
And there is a mole that has taken secrets from Rubio that Rubio trusts, and he is a rat.
He is a mole that is leaking stuff to the Cuban government. There's somebody that Rubio trusts that he shouldn't trust concerning Cuba.
And he was leaking things to pirates. The Lord called them pirates in the Bay of Pigs concerning the Bay of Pigs.
And I saw them retaliating in the days ahead. I saw Zelensky and people, you are very blind if you support this man.
He is a snake. He is a bad man. And I saw him talking to Macron. He is a bad man.
I saw them talking to Germany. He is a bad man. The same with Syria.
And I saw a plan about the Black Sea coming out of Turkey in the days ahead—how they can control the waterways concerning what they want to do.
For they said, 'There is no more cat and mouse game. We're done.'And I saw unconventional weapons of war that we've never seen before coming out of Russia.
For I saw long-range missiles being given to Ukraine in the days ahead and they would strike targets deep within Russia, Moscow, these areas.
And there was a provoking because of an acceleration of war as the EU, Europe, will say, 'We will back you.'I've warned you of this.
'We will back you and give you what you want to help you win the war.'And I saw him specifically go to Macron.
And the Lord said he will go to Macron. And he is the puppet. For who's behind this is the bankers.
And I saw Satan in an office talking with manifestation through a satanic seance with these bankers.
And Satan came and he presented himself to these bankers and to these politicians.
And I saw them getting direct words from principalities and from the devil concerning what to do about Europe in the days ahead.
For their Euro is weakened and they were going to cause war, but it required blood.
So I saw virgins being sacrificed in Germany to bring forth Hitler for a Hitler spirit over the nation.
And I saw a bad signal coming up out of a blood sacrifice that had the swastika in it.
And the Lord said, 'Everything requires blood.'And the satanic watch—as I saw Cuba's president cutting chickens and drinking blood, and it was voodoo, it was dark magic stuff—and they were using it and that's how they would get strong through the demonic things.
Everything required blood in the spirit realm. It's weird.
I don't know why. I don't care really, but this is what I saw. And I told you what to watch out for.
And I saw Turkey getting involved with Russia and Russia and Turkey become friends and Syria becomes friends.
And I said, 'North Korea will become friends with Russia.'And alliances of Chinese and Asian people will rise to the aid of Russia in the days ahead.
But China will have their eyes toward Taiwan and they will look toward Taiwan and they will want to take Taiwan as they are distracted with what's going on in Europe.
China will turn its back upon this and they will go for Taiwan in the days ahead as the social pariah North Korea will rise up as a major pawn in the days ahead to get out from underneath the sanctions of America.
The Lord said, 'And you will see North Korea rise in the days ahead and they will end up betraying North Korea.'And I saw North Korea wounded.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to personally deal with Kim Jong-un and his sister, his tyrant family like I did with Pharaoh.'And a great revival will have a window as the military tries to stop all the confusion and all the stuff in North Korea.
There will be a flood of my glory and people will come through the highways all in the spirit realm that look like spaghetti and they'll be translated into North Korea and the glorious church will rise.
And he said, "I'm giving them a window."And I saw people coming from South Korea.
And I saw a wave of the glory of God all over Asia, all throughout.
And He said, "A great river and a well of revival will spring forth out of South Korea."And I saw a pool of water that was on the land of South Korea that will soon become a major geyser.
And the glory of the Lord will spread throughout South Korea and go over Japan.
It will go over North Korea. It will go all over Taiwan. It will go over the Philippines. It will go over China in the days ahead.
And I saw a great underground church that's been underneath Asia rise up and proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord, and signs and wonders will follow them.
And he said, "The greater the persecution, the greater revival will happen in those areas."And I saw the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord all throughout Asia.
I feel His presence. And I saw all over Iran, and I saw Iraq, and the people in the underground church in those areas rise up.
And He said, "I've given them a window. I hope they're using it wisely."But a great shaking and great things are coming to Cuba.
And that's why I was trying to warn you all. But I saw a war trying to come to Europe in the days ahead with unconventional weapons of war that we've never seen before.
And they will strike Poland, Warsaw. So we pray over President Trump's safety, for he must finish.
I told you J.D. Vance will be polished. They'll try to push him forth in the days ahead really strong. I warned you a couple of weeks ago.
He'll start getting his platform and he'll start pushing away from President Trump, especially by midterms.
And he will push away from the agenda of what you call the "Make America Great,"and he'll have his own agenda, his own thing. But I saw an anointing coming upon Rubio.
And the Lord said, "Pray for Rubio, for he will slay his tens of thousands, and the other one will slay his thousands."And I will use Rubio, and I saw Rubio being blessed and an endowment of glory coming on as J.D.
Vance will become jealous of the accomplishments of the other people's favor.
And I saw a shaking on Oklahoma from Miami to Lawton. And I saw the politics dividing it. There was something coming. I told you.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for your governor's race, for there's stuff happening."And the scandal just happened this week.
Scandals are happening in the Republican Party. And supposedly the man messed around with Miss Oklahoma and all these things.
And it causes a rift in the Republicans. People start looking at Democrats.
And the Lord said, "You see, it will try to divide Oklahoma with politics in the days ahead.
Watch what happens."The Lord said, "You must pray for what's coming concerning the plague, concerning who's over your area in this timeframe, concerning this.
You do not want the governor's race for what they're planning, to have people that will want to lock you down like it was with the last one.
Do you think we can stop the plague? Every single time a week, the Lord said, 'You can lessen this.'They have a planned event."Oh, that was a lot.
There you go. So, you want to move on now, son? Yeah. You saw the crab.
Oh, I saw a crab come up out of the land. And I saw Italy be shaken with major earthquakes in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, "Methane."And I saw a gas coming up out of the ground.
And people didn't know it. It was leaking in their houses somehow.
And they passed away from the gas. It was silent; there was no smell. It wasn't detectable. There you go.
And so, I saw a blue crab that was dark blue at the outer shell, light blue at the inner shell.
And the further it moved out, it became dark blue. I don't know what this represents, but it's something to represent with something.
It has its type and shadow. It's something to do with this. But I saw a crab coming up out of Italy.
But I saw a volcano going off that was by Pompeii. Is that going to say that right, baby?
Yeah. Son. Yeah. Pompeii. People don't like it when I call my son baby.
He's my boy. I don't think anything bad about it, but it's just whatever.
He's my baby. He's my son. I don't know. I'm not trying to, I don't belittle him.
So, just letting you know. It's just the way I talk; he's my baby boy.
He's my son. I know he's a man. I get it. But I call him my baby. So, whatever. He's a good kid.
I wanted you to know Braden is on fire for Jesus and he is a good son and he is taken care of.
Braden, of all of them, he presses in. Paisley is my baby and she is my prayer warrior deluxe.
I've imparted into her, laying hands on her, and she is learning how to flow prophetically at 10 years old, and she flows and learns how to do intercessory prayer.
My son, he is very intelligent like his mother, very intelligent, and he is able to do things on the computer that I'm just like "Wow,"you know, so I'm very thankful for my kids.
He graduates this next year and I'm ecstatic that he is finishing up school.
And if he wants to go to college and move on then there's nothing holding him here, but I want to say, "Hey man, if you want to be part of the ministry and we'll pay you to do that and you become an adult and do all that, then that's on him if that's his business."But I'm going to say there's nothing that ever forces my son to ever do what he does; he does this because he wants to.
Yes, I never tell him you have to do this because Diana would do it, right?
But I just want to let them know that there's a lot of haters always thinking I force you to do things and I don't force them to do nothing.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. You're talking about Pompeii. Okay. Pompeii.
You're talking about that methane. Yeah. It doesn't matter.
I'm over that. Let's move on. Let's go on to this. Okay. Where do you want to do this one?
Yes. What is this, babe? The one you posted, Erica? Yep. This is the crazy people trying to hurt Erica.
Anti-Christian extreme and assassination culture: alleged plot against Erica Kirk.
So this is what we've been praying over. So they're anti-Christian.
You had this and they're saying it's much worse. Okay. Now I want you to hear this.
When the Lord gave us the 14th, and he said specifically this is concerning Trump's birthday.
This is concerning the 14th. You must pray, for I saw the 14th.
He highlighted it and he said, "14th, pray concerning Trump's birthday concerning his 80th, for there is a plot, a plan to do something major."And I could see fires.
I could see craziness trying to take place, right? And so, look at this. Fox News alert.
The UFC fight at the White House was the target of a drone and sniper terror plot. Kevin Corke here with the latest. Kevin. Evening, Jesse.
The entire plot may have actually been stopped thanks to a concerned mom in Ohio. It's an incredible story.
And by the way, those concerns led to arrests across the country in Nebraska and Missouri and California and Ohio, where investigators say that man, 19-year-old Tyson Proper's mom, called cops sharing concerns about her son's recent conduct, including firearms purchases and his communication with people online.
And according to authorities, thanks to that call, the FBI was able to foil a coordinated drone and sniper terror plot targeting the White House's UFC fight night.
Officials say explosive-laden drones were planned to strike nearby buildings and trigger a stampede, which would then lead the crowd directly to an area near a pre-staged sniper team.
And that was just phase one. Phase Two called for storming the White House.
Thankfully, the FBI caught wind of the plot on June 10th and swiftly took action to eliminate the threat on fight night. So far, 23 individuals have been identified.
Multiple arrests, as I mentioned, have been made and experts tonight, Jesse, are warning that this type of technology is incredibly difficult to defeat.
This is not just a future threat of drones; it is a threat of drones now.
I mean, we saw a spiderweb in Ukraine, that massive operation.
This technology is evolving on probably weekly, if not monthly, cycles now, and don't think that people looking to commit malicious acts, terrorists and others, haven't picked up on this.
It's cheap and it's very difficult to defeat. The great Dan Bongino, meantime, Vice President J.D.
Vance says the left needs to cool it with all the heated rhetoric, and he believes that's what helped to generate this plot.
This is what happens when people turn the rhetoric up so loud that disagreeing with somebody is a cause for violence.
That's the place that we've come to, unfortunately, with too much of our political rhetoric. We've got to tell everybody to tone it down.
I think a lot of my Democratic colleagues in Washington have got to look themselves in the mirror and say, 'Why is so much of this political violence coming from our side of the spectrum?
Maybe they can do something different.'Spot on. Meanwhile, thousands of Americans were at that event.
They just wanted to celebrate our nation's 250th birthday, and it was almost an absolute nightmare. Luckily, the FBI was there to stop it.
We should also point out that authorities seized several boxes of ammunition from Tyson Pfropper and this painted rifle with the American flag on it.
We also understand that while speaking with investigators, apparently Pfropper ratted out others involved in the alleged plot.
Meanwhile, sources tonight, Jesse, tell us that at this point there's no foreign nexus regarding this plot, which thankfully never materialized.
Hat tip to the good folks in law enforcement, in particular, Secret Service and FBI, Jesse.
Job well done. Thanks, Kevin. So, all glory to God for that. We are just all deflecting to Him.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? 23 of them planned on doing this across the country.
Now, we know that there's more. We know in the spirit there's more.
What the Lord has warned us concerning, and He highlighted the 4th to me again today as I was praying for the assignments that I had.
He said to me, 'You must pray about the 4th, for there's more.
Pray about the 4th to uncover this.'Okay? So, this is very serious.
As you could see, this is what the Lord highlighted about the 14th.
He said, 'Pray about the 14th, for they will try on his birthday.'Okay.
So, we heard this two weeks in advance before the news got it.
Now, ready? This is today. Can you play the volume on it? No, I don't know if there's very much volume on it.
I don't understand why, but you can still listen to what they give you. So, this is when the Lord showed me.
He said, 'Because I told you I see in the spirit today...'Last time I said, 'I see Times Square where the ball drops. I see the buildings. You need to pay attention.
There's something about this concerning a shooting and things happening at this area.'And I was trying to tell you, listen now.
Listen to this. Another breaking news story: shots were fired in Times Square a short time ago.
The incident was caught on at least one camera. It happened just before 4:00 this afternoon.
The footage shows a group of men at West 44th Street and 7th Avenue.
One of them dressed in black appears to be pointing a gun before running off.
Police have a suspect in custody. Thankfully, no one was hit by the gunfire.
But they're shooting for a distraction or whatever. They're shooting.
And I said, 'I'm in Times Square.'Does anybody remember that?
I said, 'Pray over Times Square.'It happened yesterday, two days ago.
I'm in Times Square and I said, 'The Lord said, "Pray for this area."'Next, Zelenskyy, you have Moscow.
So, Moscow is on fire because Zelenskyy has new firepower. And so, you see all this going on.
Show the picture. Show the picture of that. Oh, Moscow. Yeah, of course.
Look at that. Do they see that? Yes. I don't know what to say. He might cuss a lot.
So, Zelenskyy got new weapons and they're going further into Moscow. And the Lord warned us this was coming.
And I saw a provoking of a cat and mouse game that was going to come to an end.
Wow, look at that. It blasted the light off of it. Yeah, that was amazing.
I've never seen anything like that. Can we see that again? Look at that.
See? Wow. Ready? Over here. And they said the sky is full of whatever.
And then, is that fire? It's from their strikes and they're all over your car.
That's very toxic in the air. Because didn't they strike oil?
Yes, so they're breathing all that in. They are refineries.
And they have... can you play that? No, I want to look at that.
I've seen it. You showed it to me. And he was saying it was anti-bullet.
Go ahead and play this. Now, this is what I told you. Remember? I saw him going to Europe.
So he did exactly what the Holy Spirit told us he was going to do.
And I said his nose will become very long and he will be on the puppet strings of Emmanuel Macron.
So this is what's been said now about the G7 meeting that he went to and what Europe's about to do.
Okay? And I said World War III will be put across. Watch. Ready?
'We all see that Putin is now relying on one lasting thing: constant missile attacks. And he has ballistic missiles.
So we need anti-ballistic capabilities and we have done a lot to defend against drones and our interception rate is above 90%. That is a very serious achievement.
We are also defending against cruise missiles but Russian ballistic missiles remain a problem and we need an answer to that problem.
Our anti-ballistic coalition, all the countries that are part of it, must demonstrate full capability and deliver real results this year.
By this winter, we should already see concrete outcomes from our joint work on anti-ballistic defense.'We all see that.
Meeting with them. So, the Poland meeting is very, very concerning. I want to know what happened in there.
I'll have to pray and ask the Holy Spirit to show me what they talked about.
'I'm grateful to Poland for supporting Ukraine from the first day of our Russian...'No, I'm not talking about what they told you they talked about.
I'm talking about what the Holy Spirit said they... but that's what Zelenskyy said.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Okay. And then I don't know who this is.
He's been with Belgium, Poland. He's been talking to everybody.
He is campaigning. I'm telling you, this is what the Lord said was coming. Ain't that amazing? That's accurate.
I said, 'Watch what he does.'I saw him going and I said, 'He is a spider.'Remember I said he turns into a Black Widow spider and his butt is shiny with red, and I said he takes a web and he weaves a web across Europe?
Do you remember that? Tell us in the comment section. Do you remember this?
I say he starts and he weaves a web across Europe as a Black Widow.
Look at all these people he's meeting with. So the spider...
there's Germany. So he's weaving the web and they will support.
And when this happens, I saw Russia going to the Asians, and I saw him going and Turkey comes to aid, and they cut off the aid.
So this is them talking about the weapons they have. Go ahead, play it.
Yeah, they're displaying what the missiles are doing to the Moscow refineries.
So here is Putin going to his friends. Okay, so this right here is Russia and all the Asian men.
Do you see it? Okay. And he met Turkey. So he met with Turkey today. Both presidents.
So then if you go back, the Lord said, "Remember to say this."I said, "When this happens, I saw a draft coming to America because there wasn't enough troops.
We were spread too thin."And I saw a draft coming to America.
And I saw women and men involved in this draft. And I said, "Watch what?
Watch what?"And remember why I said, "Watch what Carney does concerning Canada."Play.
"You said you think that Ukraine is going to ultimately win this war. When you were talking behind closed doors and the U.S.
President was there, is that a view that he seemed to share as well?""I think it's a view that is held strongly by those who are very active.
Canada's the biggest per capita supplier of aid to Ukraine.
We're one of the biggest trainers of the Ukrainian Army. We have joint production agreements with UK-Ukraine.
We're on the front lines in the Baltic. So we are in and around.
We, the Germans, the UK, the French, all are of the view that the tide has turned in this war. It is a matter of time.
Putin is going to lose this war, and from now until the point where he realizes that or accepts that, it is absolutely senseless slaughter."Okay, pause.
So who did I say? I said Canada, England, France, Germany, and Italy were all together, and it's because of this satanic tie I saw with the king.
And the king rose up and he became a scorpion, and he turned his body and his tail toward Canada, and he was looking for alliance.
And I said eventually Australia will join this. I said Australia was a part of it also.
So here we have JD Vance, and this is what was concerning. This is him talking about...
yeah, I know that. That's what I'm saying. This was concerning. Go ahead and play that real quick.
"Do you have any more?""I'll be right back.""Yeah, I can definitely get one.""You've seen people within Bibi's cabinet who have come out and attacked the deal and in some ways very personally attacked the President of the United States.
And I guess my message to them would be twofold. Number one, Donald J.
Trump is the only head of state in the entire world who is sympathetic to the nation of Israel at this moment in time.
And he happens to be the head of state of the world superpower.
If I was in the cabinet of the Israeli government, I might not be attacking the only powerful ally that I have anywhere left in the entire world. Right on the cusp of a major breakthrough.
What the president has grown frustrated sometimes is that we seem to be right on the cusp of a major breakthrough in the agreement, and then all of a sudden there's a major explosion that goes off in a civilian population center in Beirut and a lot of people who have nothing to do with Hezbollah lose their lives.
That's not acceptable. That's the sort of thing that we've asked for closer coordination so that we ensure it doesn't happen.
And our message to the Israelis, just as our message to everybody else, is fundamentally we want this peace process to be good for you."Okay, go ahead.
"Message I would give to some of those cabinet members—Bibi to his credit has not gone down this path—but to some of these cabinet members in Israel who are attacking the President of the United States.
The other thing that I would say is that over the last three months, two-thirds of the defensive weapons that have protected your homeland have been built by American hands and paid for by American tax dollars.
The problem for Israel is not Donald J. Trump. And anybody in Israel who thinks their biggest problem is the President of the United States needs to wake up and smell the reality of the situation that country is in.
Thank you all."And I said, "Did you remember what I told you was coming out of this?
What I saw about this?"I said, "They'll call it a great betrayal in the days ahead.
Watch and Israel will act alone."Go ahead. "Anonymously sourced stories are always missing important context.
In my job as Vice President of the United States, I have to do sort of actually two things that are pretty simple and straightforward but are complicated in the application.
Number one is I have to offer my opinions to the President of the United States.
I'm the only person in the cabinet who can't be fired."Okay, now stop.
Hold this. Do you remember when I said I saw a fish swimming next to Trump?
And I said the Lord said, "Take no counsel from ungodly."Pray for the counsel.
Pray for counsel concerning President Trump and who he's listening to. Ivy League educations.
I said, "For I saw Harvard in bricks."And I said, "It was not about the Harvard and the bricks.
It was about Yale."But the Lord said, "It's a Harvard mentality coming.
It was hardened like bricks. It's a thinking. It's a mindset."And I saw a fish that was a chameleon.
And then I saw a lizard that was a chameleon. That's a gecko. I said, "Watch the gecko."He turns and he's able to...
a chameleon, sorry, a chameleon, I apologize. A chameleon is able to blend in with its surroundings.
Able to change and adapt immediately. Ready? Play. Play it again, Braden.
The whole thing again. "Anonymously sourced stories are always missing important context.
And my job as Vice President of the United States, I have to do sort of actually two things that are pretty simple and straightforward but are complicated in the application.
Number one is I have to offer my opinions to the President of the United States.
I'm the only person in the cabinet who can't be fired. So I have to tell the President of the United States what I think.
That is actually a really interesting constitutional point that I just wanted to take note of.
I have to tell the President of the United States what I think about all matters.
I have to provide him the best counsel. I have to make sure that he's getting the best information.
The President, you know, was surrounded all the time by a million different things.
And part of my job is to make sure that he's provided good counsel both by me and others anonymously."Told you.
All right. Well, the Holy Spirit did. Lord said, "You didn't say nothing."He did. Paul, I got corrected immediately.
"Why would you actually say that you think Israel and the United States have two different objectives as it relates to—I don't want to mischaracterize your words, but...""Well, what I'd say is that we're different countries with different interests.
I think the United States—sometimes people characterize, you know, Israel is a good partner to the United States. That is true.
But sometimes people mischaracterize it and say that Israel and the United States are fundamentally always aligned.
It's just not true. We're different countries. We have different needs.
We have different geographies.""Do you trust them?""You know, I don't trust anybody when it comes to international affairs and diplomacy.
Do I think that they're very capable? Absolutely. Do I think that again when we have shared interests, we work together very well?
Absolutely. But I don't trust anyone and I think that we just have to continually be laser focused on what our interests are.
Do I think that there are—maybe I don't know if Bibi thinks this, but do I think there are people within Israeli society who would like to turn Iran into Libya, basically a failed state with 90 million people?
Probably. But I don't know that Bibi wants that. I've actually never had that conversation with him."It would be an interesting conversation to have.
I'll tell you right now, is Iran turning into a Persian Libya good for the United States of America?
Absolutely not. President Trump said we'll finish talking about Iran, and then Cuba is next.
Is Cuba next? Also on Colombia, Mr. Vice President, he has mentioned Colombia three times this week.
Why is it so important, the election day in Colombia for President Trump? You guys have to ask Marco about Cuba.
That's not—look, go ahead in a second, but let me just actually answer this guy's question.
Fundamentally, in Cuba, it is a system that hasn't worked. They can't make any money.
Their economy is frankly probably in worse shape than the Iranian economy. It's 90 miles from our shore.
So, every time that there's a crisis, you end up having desperate refugees or desperate people who can't feed their families trying to flood into our country.
We want the people of Cuba to be happy and successful. We're actually talking to the Cuban government right now about how they could change their ways to change that.
We're going to see what they do. And obviously, if they do one thing, we're going to do something.
If they make smart decisions, we're going to have a much better relationship with that island.
Go ahead. So, we know what's coming. The Lord warned us. Cuba will be free.
And then he was saying we can't talk about Lebanon. We cannot allow the population of southern Lebanon to return.
We must continue to control the territory even if Trump disagrees.
We are an independent state. What did the Lord say? I saw Bibi say, 'We are a sovereign nation.
We will act alone.'They're tying loose ends as you see with Iran, and they want to do Cuba and Iran.
They want to tie up the loose ends. And I see a tying of a bow. They want to finish the thing with Iran.
But Israel is a wild hair. I see Benjamin wanting the mountain.
I see Benjamin wants what's in the mountain. We cannot stop until we get what's in the mountain.
I hear Benjamin and President Trump arguing. I see them not agreeing.
Benjamin wants to push the button. It's concerning what's in the mountain.
And I see Israel acting alone. It's going to make Trump very mad.
And they will call this the great betrayal. I hear Benjamin trying to act.
He'll want to act on his own concerning this. I hear him say, 'We are a sovereign nation.
We can act alone. We don't need you.'But Trump's the 800-pound gorilla in the room.
He's saying he wants to maintain security in southern Lebanon, which requires that we do not leave as long as Israel's security agreements are not in place.
So they are sovereign, and that's what he's saying: 'I don't care what he says, we're going to do what we want to do.'I saw what they tried to do to him in the days ahead.
He was standing outside. Hezbollah just launched a large missile attack in northern Israel.
I saw an attack larger than October 7th in the middle of the night.
He's talking about Space Force. I remember he said he could see that nametags on clothes.
Bologna. Listen to what he says that they can do with the satellites. But I'm proud of Space Force because I started it.
We have Space Force cameras on every single door—well, there are no doors; they've been pretty well shattered.
If somebody walks in and he's got a badge with his name on it, like Muhammad something—which is about a 50/50 guess—they can tell the name, they can give you a serial number.
We can see things you wouldn't believe the quality of the stuff that we have.
That's why our blockade will go down in the annals of history as being unbelievable.
Nobody's ever seen a blockade like that. It's like a steel wall.
He's saying they can see from space the satellite name tag. They can zoom in on the people that close.
They know where everybody's at. The technology the world relies on was invented in America.
We all remember 'Intel Inside.'A stupid president took our economy to Taiwan and other factories.
Other steel and semiconductor factories; they forgot to protect our industries with tariffs.
When I won my second term—third, actually—it was clear America needed a semiconductor industry to come back to the USA.
We designed everything, but we need to build it here now. So I decided to help Intel because we need to design and build our chips.
Braden, this is what we saw. I said he needs two years. I heard him say it, 'We don't need Taiwan.
We need two years and we will build our own chips.'America needs a semiconductor to build. We designed everything, but we need to build it here now.
So I decided to help Intel because we need to design and build our chips right here in America.
First, we helped bring it to NVIDIA, and they agreed to build their first-level chips with Intel.
Next, Elon agreed to build his Terafab, the largest chip factory in the world, designed together with Intel's technology team.
Finally, Apple has agreed to work with Intel to design and build its chips in America.
This is what the Lord said. $600 billion. Nine months and they'll increase in value over half a trillion dollars.
America's stake is now over $60 billion. We don't need Taiwan. We need our own.
And he said, 'I need two years and we'll get it done.'Chinese foreign minister: 'Taiwan is an inalienable part of China's territory.
The future of Taiwan can only be decided by the over 1.4 billion Chinese people, including our Taiwan compatriots.'The fact that Blinken keeps peddling around the Taiwan independence narratives only reveals his nervousness and unease.
Seeking independence with US support and the military buildup will only lead to a dead end.
Now, this Pete—watch what Pete says: 'NATO 3.0 is a post-Cold War recognition that it needs to go back to a real hardline military alliance that has real military capabilities capable of deterring right here on the continent and taking the lead for the conventional defense of Europe, which you have led on and other nations are stepping up to do.'So, a lot of commitments made at the Hague Summit.
Many countries are following through, some that still need to do more.
And we will be candid about that both in private and in public.
I think that's important: friends being honest with friends, making sure that they can step up.
But NATO 3.0, is it? I got a water, baby. Thank you. And now that's my real baby, my wife.
No big deal. Oh, now look at this. What did I tell you was going to happen? What the Lord said, right? He said, 'Watch about the bugs.
They're going to push bugs on you like crazy to say it's an alternative source of meat and food.'And I saw the cattle industry was in trouble.
And I saw they would come up with a thing to tell everybody the beef is bad in the days ahead.
It would spread, and they would eliminate the cows. Watch what happens now.
You might say you might enjoy it. You're going to enjoy it, right?
You behind the camera, you're going to love a worm burger. Isn't that good?
Remember, we can put some garlic on it and put a little bit of jalapeño, maybe some Tabasco, and it'll disguise the flavor.
It tastes like chicken. It's all right. Is it an ad? Yeah, it's an ad.
Go ahead, play it. We'll give Cox a shout-out. I want to see this.
We don't like Cox, just letting you know. I personally do not like... go ahead. Look, this is stir-fry. It tastes like chicken.
You'll like it with Tabasco on there, a little bit of jalapeño, maybe some habanero, and you'll like it.
The Lord told you that is nasty. I said, 'Real beef will become very expensive in the days ahead.
They will push bugs on you.'Thank you. I said, 'No, we ain't eating that.
I'll go vegan. We'll be good. I'm going vegan. Where's some tofu at for that part?
I'm not eating no bug there.'Thank you. Never eat a bug. Eat a burger, a bug burger.
I'm sorry, I'm not trying to laugh at it, but the Lord warned us it was coming.
Thank you. Never eat bugs. Research says you might, and you may even like it.
Yeah, you're going to even like it. Bill Gates loves this. He's like, 'Man, we got some good bug burgers for you and bug tacos.
You're going to love those.'Eating insect-based food may be easier to stomach than consumers expect, researchers claim.
It's all on the news. The Lord warned us. They're going to tell you cricket flour is not too bad.
Put some sugar on it. All right. Yeah, that's it. That is nasty.
And that will conclude our news segment. Who wants to pray? That is sick, babe.
Good. Yummy. You want some? Look, packets. There you go. I mean, that just looks like the meal.
That's Thanksgiving right there. We're not doing turkey; you're going to do those.
That's Thanksgiving. Did you know? Look at our plates. It's easy for the women to clean up.
We don't have a lot of cleanup. So, the dishes are easy because you can just wipe them off.
You don't even have any kind of mess after the dishes. It's all perfect right there.
You just wipe it off, put a little sterilization on. You don't have to clean it.
Boom, it's already sterile. So you know, it's easy dishes, easy boiling.
Look, oh man, that looks good. Some sauce. Look, and the onions with it.
Yeah, the broth. I wonder what kind of broth that is. That's not chicken; that's probably bug broth.
Yum. Snack after we get done. And it's wrapped in some kind of green. Is that a plate? Okay.
So, how many of you ladies are excited because your dishes are going to get easier?
Isn't that nice? The men—I do dishes around here, so you can't say ladies. Okay, turn it off. Okay, that's it.
New York Post, they want to let you know it's coming to a grocery store near you, not theater.
End times. Here we are. After I get done with that, I feel like I need to take a nap.
Just go, 'Good Lord, what is going on in our world?'Do you ever watch that and just go, 'Look where we are'?
Look at all this going on. All right. Well, let's pray. Thank God we stopped the shooting.
Nobody was hurt in Times Square. We will continue to pray over this.
We had to pray over the barges. Are we already at 1:20? Are we really?
It didn't feel like that though. Wow. I apologize, y'all. I didn't realize we had gone that long tonight.
Well, it's your last video of the week, so it's good. You'll have some days to meditate on this and be able to go from there.
Father, let's just take communion real quick. I honor the Father with it and we'll jump right in the river.
We'll pray for an hour. See where the Holy Spirit leads us. There's no time frame.
So, we'll just go until we're done and then you all can click out if you don't want to.
So, Father, we just thank you, Lord. We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done.
As we close this week, as this is our Friday, Father, we're so thankful for this time that you've given us.
And we've had such a wonderful week. And we pray for the weekend and Father's Day.
And we pray for Father's Day in America. We pray for the covering of our president that he made it home safe.
Thank you, Father, for the revival, for the glory, for all that you're doing.
And Lord, we just give you the praise and the glory for all that you've done this week to protect the 14th, that nothing happened.
That, Father, the people that had planned to do evil works, all 23 of them are now in custody and they will not hurt our civilians of this nation.
Thank you. Thank you, Lord, that the people of Cuba will be liberated.
Thank you, Father, that you protect Erica. Thank you, Lord, that you protect President Trump.
Thank you, Lord, that J.D. Vance is born again and radically saved.
And Father, that you turn Usha around and that, Father, there'll be a major revival in their hearts.
They're protected. Everything's supposed to go the way it's supposed to go. We're in the end of the end here. We know you're coming.
And we thank you, Lord, that you keep President Trump strong, that he finishes strong and that Father that no poisoning, no nothing comes nigh him.
As we lift up the body before you, Father, we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes we're healed.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over us in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
Father, we take this body and we give you praise and glory for what you've done this week.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
Lord, we thank you for the blood. We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Lord, that you protected Sister Billy and Pastor Candace and Chip and them that, Father, they were on their way home.
And Lord, we thank you, Lord, for our spiritual leadership; they're protected and they have wisdom and they know how to lead the body of Christ.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the covering over our leaders. We plead the blood of Jesus over us.
And we thank you, Lord, Father, that if you have anything to show us, anything you want to say tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we apply the blood of Jesus.
And we give you all the praise and glory for it in Jesus'name.
And we take this blood, Father. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Father.
Holy Spirit, we just invite you. How many here right now? 72.
All right, let's get some work done. Who wants to pray? We're at 72.
We can really put a finger in the devil's eye. Holy Spirit, have your own way.
Lord, have your own way. You are the potter, we are the clay. Mold me and make me after thy will while I am waiting.
Yielded and still. Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord. Wash me just now. As in thy presence, humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Have thy own way, Lord. Have thy own way. Thou art the potter; I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
The yielded and the still. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life.
Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
I don't remember the next verse, but that's okay. Don't worry about it. I was just hearing it.
Do you know, whenever I'm singing those songs, I can hear choirs singing with me?
I don't know who they are, but I can hear it when I get over there. I can hear voices harmonizing together, and they flow.
And I truly, like I said, I don't know who they are, but right then I could hear, 'And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.'I could hear it.
And I shall feast at the table spread for me. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. And I shall feast at the table spread for me.
I can hear them. Yeah, it's through the tube. It's the great cloud.
I hear them up there. It's that portal. That's how close we are.
Heaven is invading earth. Heaven is invading earth, on earth as it is in heaven.
Heaven is invading earth. The portal, the veil, is so close. It's that close. It's just a step over. What would take you?
I hear him say, 'What would take you times in the past—cultivation and cultivation—to get over there to get that breakthrough, it's going to be effortless victories, effortless works, effortless prayers.'You just step on over into the realm of the Spirit.
You just step on over into the realm of the Spirit. That's neat.
I heard the Holy Spirit say what it was: days of heaven on earth.
Days and days of heaven on earth. Days and days and days of heaven on earth.
You have crossed over into that realm, and you will see. Come up higher.
Come up higher in your prayer life with me, and I'll have great things to show you.
I have great things to show you, and great favor will follow this.
Great favor. Great favor will follow this. Parrot this. Say the things I've called you to say.
Parrot this. He's talking about trying to make room this day.
Make room this day. Make room for the Holy Spirit to flow in your services.
Make room. Make room. Parrot to make you as little children imitate their father.
Imitate me. Be a parrot of me. Say it. Say it. You come, and it will be the original source.
It will be the original source. You're not parroting man; you're parroting me.
You say what I tell you to say. Say it. Don't parrot man. Parrot me.
Be an imitator of me. Do you see what he's saying, Braden? Yes.
That's really good. I like it. I can see it. But it is going to show, and I will show.
He said it's time for the great show. The final countdown. And you'll see more in a day. You'll see more harvest in a day. The piles. The piles.
He's talking about the piles of the harvest sown, from the sown to the piles of the harvest.
Do you know whenever there was more, he had to turn away? He's talking about when they built the temple.
I believe he's talking about Solomon. He said there are piles of it. There's piles.
You guys should know because I can see piles of silver and I see piles of gold.
There's not room enough to receive it all. There are piles of silver and piles of gold. This is Moses'day. No, there's piles, Braden.
Piles, for the seed you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last—a supernatural acceleration on your seedtime and harvest.
Heaven is invading earth. Heaven is invading earth. Yeah, it will get the job done.
More than enough to get the job done. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. And I shall feast at the table spread for me.
Yep. Going back to that. The veil is so thin. It's rice-paper thin, stepping over.
It's heaven invading earth. It's that thin. It's just to push through to see everything that he has for you.
No more hindrances, no more delays. No more. Say it out of your mouth.
You say it: 'I have no more hindrances and I have no more delays.
I will have every good thing the Father has for me. I will excel in every area that he has for me. I'll be held back by nothing more.
I will have everything that he has in store: healing, blessing, multiplication, and favor.
Healing over my body, deliverance over me, in Jesus'name. I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.'Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Wholeness. You just enter into that peace and rest.
Peace and rest. Peace and rest. We just stay in that place of peace and rest.
Rest because we're confidently in rest in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
We're confidently resting. We're confidently resting in what he did.
I rest. I'm fully persuaded. I'm confidently resting in the finished work.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you help us to change us from the inside out.
I rest in that, to go from glory to glory to glory. Father, I thank you, Lord.
I hear it again: heaven is invading earth. Heaven on earth. Heaven on earth. The veil. To go beyond the veil.
To go beyond the veil effortlessly where you feel that your flesh is being held back, dry.
You say 'spiritual dryness,'and you hit a gusher. You hit that gusher, the spiritual gushers, to push beyond the veil.
All right, I'm in Europe, and we're hovering over Europe. We're hovering over Europe.
I expect the lavender. See, it's two paths, it's two windows, it's two lenses.
Echoes. The echo. I see pine trees all around. I see mountains.
I see great pine trees, these massive—not cedars but pine—huge pine trees.
I see a stream in front of it. This looks like South Fork, Colorado. Today. Lord, don't put your tongues...
if you're praying in the spirit right now and you pray in tongues, don't put it on autopilot.
You just let your mouth flip-flop. You don't put your tongues on autopilot.
Put it and project it in your spirit toward what you're praying for.
Does that make sense? Is that the word, and you say it in English?
But have an inward image of what you're praying for. Don't just let your mind wander and pray in tongues.
Put it toward what you have a vision of in your spirit—an inward image of what you're praying for. Praying for Europe.
And when I call things out and I say, 'Praying over the woods, praying over the mountain,'there's something about the mountain in the woods in Europe.
It looks like South Fork. I say it out my mouth. When I get that image, I start praying into that.
What are you trying to show me? I don't just go and start flippingly let things catch it.
I put my faith towards what I'm seeing when it comes to war, when it comes to Putin, when it comes to Zelensky, when it comes to Europe, Israel—thanks.
Stop what you're doing and just autopilot praying and let your mind wander.
Then you bring scripture into it and you find scripture and you apply the word, but you're looking towards Him.
Does that help you? I heard that to tell you: put your tongue into motion with the vision of an inward image. Have an inward image.
Say if you're praying for your child, your husband, your wife, your grandma, your grandpa, your aunts, your uncles, or whoever—put an inward image of that inside of you.
Don't be thinking about the mall when you're praying for your pastor.
I'm going to pray about the mall, think about going shopping at Walmart next, or wondering what time it is because I'm really hungry, praying in tongues while thinking about McDonald's.
Take and focus your prayers on what you're believing for. Lock it in. Freeze-frame it like a picture.
If you don't have anything else to focus on, focus on that face or the mountain.
But when you're being led by the Spirit, especially on a watchman level like I do, I focus on that until I'm released from it and He gives me another image, or I pray until I feel a release and then I move on to something else.
He'll speak to you and be led by the Spirit. So many people just go on autopilot—Walmart, Target, wondering what they're having after this.
Don't do that. Focus. Bring it in. I am focusing on my pastor's protection on the way home.
You see it in your spirit, out of your belly. The Holy Ghost lives right here.
I'm praying here as a steady beat of a drum. Don't let your mind wander.
Take captive of your thoughts. Bring it in with the word. Pray more in the Spirit so you see it.
It's a lot different now when you do that. You can feel the pull out of your spirit.
You know you're hitting the target. I want target pinpoint prayers.
So, we're going to see Zelensky. We're praying over this. We're saying the Black Widow.
When he goes back to Ukraine, he's on the phone with Macron. The mole and the badger at the same time—they're talking. He's a weasel.
They're strategizing their next wave, a black swan event, a major event, a distraction, a provoking for a reaction.
They say the aid will come—a provoking for aid to come and recourse. I hear the word recourse in Italy.
In the east of Italy, I see the soccer teams and the building ready to be dangling by these red streamers.
That's very creepy looking. I see red streamers on the building.
They start very thick on a pole at the base, but it goes out like a snake's tail at the end and it whips around in the air.
It's thick at the base on a white pole with a red cap that goes off into something as thin as a snake's tail.
It almost looks like one of those wind socks at a private airport.
It's Italy. I see green, white, and red. So, the east of Italy, I see a troubling in the water.
Whenever you hear a boom and it ripples like in Jurassic Park when the dinosaur walks in the water—that's what's happening in the water.
There have to be some repairs. Shaking and repairs concerning the Catholic Church. I see a wizard.
He has a blue hat, a white beard, a bigger nose with a star on his hat, kind of like the Mickey Mouse hat when he did that wizard thing.
I see a wizard concerning the Catholic Church. I see a new rising of the sun concerning Africa.
I see a rising to pray over this Ebola, to keep cursing that Ebola to go away.
But I see that wizard concerning Italy. His nose is big and fat, but not long like Pinocchio.
A white beard, a blue hat, and a baby blue shirt. I see a lion coming forth, a major lion with a mane, streaking forth into Africa.
I see a lion roar. Lions coming forth out of the repair. A shaking in the water will come forth.
It looked like a drop in the water, and it will send ripples throughout the East.
This is deep water. The Lord says this is a deep water. I see a drop of water coming upon the land.
I hear the word 'repair'. I see a wizard upon the land, and the lion will deal with the wizard.
It will shoot like a light across into Africa, and the lion will become big.
The lion will become big. The lion is streaking, a streak of light coming out of the lion as a repair.
A shaking in the water in Italy. A repair is coming. The lion will come forth out of Italy toward the east.
I see a lion coming forth out of Italy, and it will look like a streak of light.
There will be a troubling in the water, and it will go forth into Africa, and a new rising of the sun will come forth out of Africa toward the east.
I see the wizard, and he's looking. I believe it has a root of witchcraft.
The wizard represents witchcraft to make it look innocent.
It looks like a cartoon, but it's a baby blue on the wizard and the darkness of the water.
I see the troubling of the water concerning Italy, witchcraft, and a shaking in the Catholic Church.
A lion will come forth. I see soap to clean it up. I see sudsy bubbles on a soap going around the wizard.
It's like a bar of white soap bubbling up upon cobblestone streets.
A cleaning and a change of the glory. The lion will come forth out of this land.
Come humble unto me. I see the vineyards are full. The harvest is full.
Beautiful purple grapes. I see the hills are full of grapes. The vines are full of the harvest.
These grapes are not just little; they are pretty big and almost look like plums.
A mea culpa is coming. Do you hear me? It's the mea culpa. The king, the lion, the mea culpa is coming. I feel his glory.
He said, 'And the grapes and the fruit of the earth concerning this will come.'A shaking in the Catholic Church.
You will see things that will bring you to your knee. A shaking in the Catholic Church, a mea culpa.
The wizard will be dealt with; a cleansing and a soap will come upon the land.
A lion will roar and it will go into Africa. A troubling in the water concerning Italy.
A rebuilding. They'll have to rebuild. A great shaking is coming and they'll have to rebuild.
I see buildings and structures falling. It will be symbolic.
A rebuilding is coming, a repair, and a cleansing. The mountains will quake in the east.
They will end the shaking in the east. The grapes will be full and the harvest will be plentiful, but the laborers are few.
There will be an olive press that will bring forth great new olive oil upon the land.
For when the olive brings forth the new olive, the glory of the Lord will fill the land.
I see olive oil flowing upon the land. A rebuilding across Europe.
The fruit is like beautiful grapes in a vineyard. I see the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
The vines are full of grapes. For the people of the land, he says he will deal with the wizard.
He will do a cleansing of soap, white as snow. I will wash it white as snow.
Upon the cobblestone streets, old structures will be broken to their feet.
And a shaking, a rebuild, and repair. Come unto me and you will see the lion roar.
The lion will come toward the east. It's the great mea culpa for our olive press.
You will see the olive will bring forth the press on the olive for a shaking to awaken.
Fresh olive oil will flow. I see a pureness of olive oil coming upon the land.
For he has not forgotten the people of Europe. He said, 'I see you.
I am the Most High. Come unto me.'The lions will come out. I see a rising of the sun coming in Africa.
I see a tree that looks like a baobab tree in Africa. It's a big tree in the desert. I can see the sun coming upon the tree.
I see colors in Africa toward the east—pinks, reds—beautiful colors coming up as the sun rises.
I see this beautiful tree that looks like a baobab tree in Africa and it's in the desert.
It's a thick bark tree with beautiful branches. I like the way it's cut.
I can see it in the East. I see the sun coming up on this bonsai tree—this tree thing.
It's a beautiful tree because it's glowing, but the tree is black.
But the lions are around it. What is wrong with this tree, Lord?
What's going on with this tree? Why are you showing me this tree?
The tree is so important. He said, 'There's something so important about this tree. Come sit at my table.'The tree represents water.
For the greater the tree, the greater the root; the greater the tree in Africa, the greater the tree, the greater the root, the greater the taproot for drought and dry conditions.
For the greater the water, the greater the drink. He brings forth great new water. It looks like a bonsai tree.
It's something so important, Braden, about this tree as the sun is beginning to shine on it.
It's beautiful. But the Lord has emphasized the tree about the water.
It's concerning Africa. Water is the life; it's lifegiving.
It represents life. Do you hear what I'm saying, son? And it's something to do about the revival.
It's symbolism: a rising of the sun toward the east. I sing praises to your name, Oh Lord.
praises to your name, Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, Oh Lord.
praises to your name, Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
And a great whirlwind will start to begin in Australia. I see a whirlwind turning in Australia.
I see a whipping of the wind in Australia. But this is not destructive; this is the glory of the Lord. I see a whirlwind that looks like gold.
It begins in the land and it becomes bigger and bigger, and the wind of my Spirit will begin to flow all over it for a great shaking and awakening.
This will be a wind of my spirit. I see song notes in this beautiful whirlwind.
For I will present myself as a whirlwind and beautiful music will flow again out of Australia. Beautiful worship will flow again out of Australia.
Songs of my spirit, songs of refreshing, songs from my throne room and that will bring you closer to me.
I am the great source of the wind. A whirlwind will come upon Australia.
So pour, pour, pour. I see the Philippines. It will not happen yet concerning Taiwan.
I'll not allow it to happen yet. They have their plans, but I have mine.
If you pray, I see prayer diffusing the dragon. He's given you a reprieve. Taiwan, he will give you a reprieve.
The Lord said, 'I will give you a reprieve.'He's going to give you a time to hold this back.
I see tribulation. I'm looking way in there. I will hold them back.
As South Korea holds back the communism of this, I will hold it back so that the iron curtain will not come upon you.
I give you the reprieve. Pray, church. I see a dome of protection.
I see South Korea and Japan coming to the aid. I see a timeframe.
I'm always so careful not to give this, but I see a ten-year window concerning Taiwan, China, and going into the tribulation.
The Lord said, 'Not so much detail, Brandon. It's not necessary.'I understand; I can see it very clearly.
It's not time yet for this. The Lord said, 'It's not time yet for this for you, Taiwan.'He's holding back the communist curtain.
It will not come on your land yet. I'm holding this back through prayer.
Taiwan, you prayer warriors of Taiwan, pray. I see aid from South Korea and Japan—strategic allies.
You all don't realize how close we are to tribulation, do you? Jesus is coming. I see a wave of the glory hitting Taiwan.
I see a wave of the glory hitting South Korea as the pool of water will spring forth a fountain of living water.
A pool of prayer that had seemed to be drying will spring forth great rivers of my glory—geysers of my glory out of the land of South Korea.
And there will be life again. For water represents life, he says. A great pool of my water will spring forth out of Taiwan.
There will be great life that will be given, for a well of revival will begin in South Korea and go into Taiwan.
I apologize; I mess up the names, but I'm looking into South Korea. The water will spring forth.
I see what happens now is a brand new well—a geyser that comes out about five feet out of the earth and begins to fill the pool with living water.
It looks like a fountain that never runs dry. It will fill up and it will go to Taiwan, China, North Korea, and Japan.
And it will be the source of revival throughout Asia. South Korea will be known for a source of revival throughout Asia.
As revival begins to flow, it will be the modern-day Azusa Street of Asia. And then I'll put hotspots throughout China.
There will be wells of revival that will not be quenched by a communistic curtain.
A major well of revival will spring forth out of South Korea, a modern-day Azusa street of Asia.
I see the water upon it and it's beautiful. It looks so drinkable, almost like the Caribbean water.
It's upon the land. It looks like a marsh because it's filling up around the plants and trees.
I see the spiritual water table rising over South Korea. A spiritual water table is rising in South Korea and it looks like a marsh.
The water will never run dry and a great revival will come forth out of South Korea.
That is really fun to look at. Oh, Father, I love You. I see the well of revival.
Hallelujah. I will look at it. Hallelujah. I am getting drunk in the spirit. A new, fresh river will come all over them.
A new one, He said, and it will flow into North Korea, and the Iron Curtain will come down, and a glorious church will rise as the fire of the Holy Ghost.
It will spring forth like a modern day coming out of us, shaking all over Taiwan.
I will hold it back; I will hold it back from what is trying to come.
The communistic curtain will not come. I will give you a time and a reprieve.
Asians will come to the aid. I even see Australia coming to the aid concerning Taiwan.
America is dealing with something when this happens. What is going on in America?
I see a storm. I see the storm. I see our flag. I see our beautiful flag up in the middle of the land.
But I see a storm all around. I see the four doves circling our flag.
I see four doves, white doves, circling our flag. I see storms in the east.
Oh, Father, help me to stay here just a little longer. I want to stay here a little longer.
Memory. The memories. A shaking of your land. You will see. I know.
I see it. I see Canada. I can go into Canada there. A shaking in Toronto, a shaking in the churches of Toronto.
For great persecution will come from the government. And I see a reforming of the church, a change of pressure on the olive press.
The olive press will come upon Canada. I see an olive press coming upon Canada because of them.
And I see the church because of this. But I see a pureness coming with pure olive oil coming upon the lips of the preachers.
Pure olive oil will come upon the lips of the preachers, and they will say the good news. And I see a honey glow; olive oil will come on their lips.
A new wine, like a new press of the olive oil, will come from the preachers'mouths of My glory.
I see olive oil upon their mouths, Braden, upon the people of Canada, the preachers of Canada.
For it will come forth out of pressure, a great shaking, and I see darkness upon the land toward the east of America, and I see the light coming on the church.
This is the time frame of whenever this would go. But I see Taiwan, I see a glory.
I see the glory on the church. I see our flag remaining. I see our flag represents America.
Many more. When is that? All right, don't show me the date then.
I love it when He talks like a friend like that. I love His voice tones.
If I could just sit with You a while, I need You to hold me. Moment by moment till forever passes by.
If I could just sit with You a while, I need You to hold me, moment by moment, till forever passes by.
I see the song notes coming out of Australia. They look beautiful. The song notes are black, but they have gold all over them.
You know, whenever they have glitter dust, they have glitter dust. Their glory is on them.
It is almost like when you see on a songbook, and I see them coming up out of the whirlwind, and the whirlwind is whipping upon the land, and new songs are coming in the whirlwind.
And as it turns, there is glitter. It has glitter upon Australia, and new songs will come forth out of Australia.
Heavenly worship will come and ride on the waves of glory, of the whirlwind of the whipping.
Songs will come, beautiful music will come, and His heart will be filled with joy as His children worship Him.
His heart will be filled with joy. I see a heart that is full. As little kids—you know how you have little kids that sing songs to you?
I see the little children. We are not adults; we are His kids.
And I see kids singing to their mom and daddy, and His heart is full.
The whirlwind will bring forth new worship. The Holy Spirit is the whirlwind, Braden.
The Holy Spirit will bring forth new revelation. The Holy Spirit is the whirlwind.
And it will be upon the face of Australia and a new wave of His glory.
It will be like a whirlwind. But this wind has sparkles, all kinds of beautiful sparkles.
It is Him. It will be upon the land, and revival will visit Australia.
I heard He just said, 'A wave of the waves of the glory and a whirlwind of My presence will fill Australia.'New music, new songs, and it will be huge conferences full of heavenly worship.
It will fill His heart with joy. Braden, I saw a light over here.
I just saw a light. I thought somebody flipped the light on. That is how bright it was.
A fresh new light. I see the light. Praise the Lord. Thank You, Father.
He said, 'And I have not forgotten My Eskimos.'The Arctic people.
I see the Eskimos and a major revival. He said, 'I have not forgotten My Eskimos.'Alaska, Arctic.
There is a spirit of suicide—something about a spirit of suicide concerning this, affecting the young people.
It's up here and I'm looking into Alaska and I see the population.
I see a spirit that is being broken off of it and I am bringing revival to the people of Alaska.
And this is a spirit of suicide, self-harm that is being broken off the young people of Alaska from drugs. I don't know if this is a D3 issue, but this is the enemy.
The reason I say D3 is because I saw the sun, I saw D3, but I saw concerning a spirit that is manipulating hormone imbalances.
A spirit is manipulating hormone imbalances and he is riding in the open door of this.
Do you hear me, Braden? And it is affecting self-harm greatly in Alaska right now.
The teen self-harm rate, the suicide rate in the Eskimos, in the Arctic people up here.
There is a depression on the kids. But the Lord said, 'This is a spirit that has been sent.
It's a principality.'And the Lord says He is dealing with this.
And there will be rivers of great joy, songs of great joy. It is very like campfire songs in Alaska.
There is a breaking of this. There is going to be a break in this concerning the youth in self-harm—the young generation.
Hallelujah. Well, Father, we stand with those young people.
We stand with the young people of Alaska and over the Arctic area, and we thank You, Father, that they have great revival there.
This summer, you're going to see a turnaround in revival concerning the youth in Alaska—not Australia, but Australia too.
I am saying specifically concerning depression and what is going on up here with the root. It is a principality.
I see it looks like a fallen angel—dark black wings that look like a sickle, and it has a gauze outfit on.
The Lord said it does not matter. It is a principality. It is a spirit of suicide, and He is dealing with this.
It has been a stronghold, and it is trying to get more of a stronghold on the people of Alaska, your children.
But the Lord said a great revival is coming to Alaska and the youth of Alaska.
He's bringing joy back. Hallelujah. Well, thank the Lord for His anointing.
We give God praise. For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever. For the Lord, He is good and His mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, You are good and Your mercy endures forever. Father, we give You all the glory, honor, and praise, for You are most high.
You are wonderful, and You're worthy to be praised, Master.
We love You, Lord, and we thank You for Your mercy and Your goodness are following us all the days of our life.
We give You praise and glory and honor for all that You've done and all that You continue to do, for we attract to deflect to You.
You are worthy, most high God. You are worthy, most high God.
We give You praise and glory for all that You've done. Thank You, Jesus, for You are worthy, Lord.
You are worthy, Father. You deserve all the glory. You deserve all the honor and You deserve all the praise as You bring revival to our nations.
Father, we thank You, Lord. We thank You, Lord. Give Him praise.
Give Him praise, for He is worthy to be praised. He is worthy to be praised. He is good and His mercy endures forever.
He is faithful to us and He is merciful to us and we give Him the praise and glory.
Isn't He wonderful? Isn't Jesus wonderful? Thank You, Jesus.
Father, we thank You, Jesus. Isn't Jesus wonderful? I'm so excited for you all.
I'm so excited for the nations tonight for what He shows us. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He loves you and His heart's full as His kids praise Him and give Him worth. He is worthy of it. He is so wonderful. Thank You.
As a good father should, as—'Oh, Dad, You're so good.'Isn't Jesus wonderful?
You say, 'Oh, Dad, aren't You wonderful?'We're His children; we're not His adults. We're His children.
Just like a little kid would come before his father and say, 'Oh, aren't You just so...
I love You.'Hallelujah. Well, we praise the Lord tonight and thank you for being here.
It's been a wonderful week. We just—I love what He showed us tonight.
And it's so wonderful as we pray for things and we keep our hearts right and we keep our eyes, for without repentance there is no revival.
Without repentance, there is no revival. There must be repentance for revival to come.
And that's why the shaking must come: a shaking to awaken. He will bring the bride to His side—a shaking.
But there must be repentance for true revival to come. There is no revival without repentance.
Remember that. You must confess your sins before Him. For He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
If you've never done that, it's very simple and very easy. All you have to do is say, 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day. I invite You into my life tonight, Lord.
Forgive me of my sins. Wash me in Your precious blood. Tonight, I dedicate my heart to You.
I turn from my wicked ways. I thank You, Lord, that tonight I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Tonight's my night. I sell out to You. I'll turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the demonic stuff I was doing—evil, serving the devil, whatever—and tonight, I dedicate my all to You.
Flood me, Holy Spirit. Make me new. Create in me a clean heart.
Change me from the inside out as I worship You and I fellowship with You.
Thank You, Lord. You are now my Lord and personal Savior.'It's that simple. It's just turning.
It's just acknowledging Him and asking Him to forgive you for what you've done.
He loves you. He has a plan for your life. And as you look to Him, He will change you and He will create in you a clean heart.
He will make you new every single day. So, we're so thankful for you coming out again tonight.
I know it's late, but it was beautiful and I'm so thankful for all the time I had with Him tonight.
I wouldn't change it and I wouldn't take nothing for it. It's beautiful.
I love it. So, I'm so thankful. But will you all come back again with me?
Please like, subscribe, click the notification bell, be a part of our YouTube channel.
Thank you for all your likes, your support, always being so kind to my family. We love every single one of you.
And for the ones that have sent the money to the youth building, you said, 'Hey, I'd like to help support the youth building with Glorious Church.'Thank you.
That's going to Pastor Chip and Candace. And we're so thankful.
We're going to build that youth building all for the glory of God, debt-free in the name of Jesus for our youth building there in Collinsville, Oklahoma.
And so we're so thankful for that. And so they're going to get the foundation.
The city's trying to fight them real hard with trying to say they don't want it there, you know, and they're trying to give a hard time, but we know the devil's under our feet because he's trying to hold back the revival, but he has been defeated and we will get the youth building built and we're excited about it.
So, we love you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. God bless you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again. God bless y'all. Bye-bye.